thanks for tuning in today we're making
balls falafel ball welcome to
gluten-free with Emily are you ready to
rock out and make some awesome
gluten-free food me too today we're
making Middle Eastern style food we're
making some falafels my favorite thing
lamb it and we're gonna add some 16d
sauce to go on top of them anything our
boss I mean super bomb and usually bump
but the best thing is their failure
therefore our body in there Florida chef
and you're vegan in the move in there
any freakin diet you have you can meet
these other cause so let's go they're
super easy okay we're going to have
three tablespoons of olive oil a half a
teaspoon of sea salt a sick of cinnamon
two and a half cups of chickpeas these
need to be soaked in water the night
before so you're going to end up with
two and a half so start with about one
and one-fourth dried and it's going to
become two and a half soaked don't use
canned beans again don't use canned
beans not only because we hate aluminum
but more importantly they don't cook
right because we're actually using only
a soap raw chickpea not a cooked
chickpeas again not a good cheap beep
okay then we're gonna use about a half a
cup of cilantro a half a cup of parsley
and we might squeeze in a little lemon
juice to these two but mainly the lemon
juice for this tahini sauce which has
about a fourth cup of tahini lemon juice
and a little bit of water okay we're
gonna throw everything in the blender
for the falafel so thrown your herbs and
your girl Bonzo's a little shake of
cinnamon your salt your olive oil okay
we're gonna with these oh you're gonna
have garlic in here I totally forgot
garlic you want about three cloves of
garlic it makes these teeth super yummy
I know you probably noticed that I'm
cutting in my hand and this is a normal
thing for me because I used to live in a
tree believe it or not um so do not cut
off your hands okay I learned this while
living in the tree not living a normal
life yeah I used to live in the treat a
big one a really big one a super big one
a 1500 year old big one and we didn't
have cutting boards so hey here we go
okay throw it in there now we're gonna
food process just until it's mixed up
okay once it's super mixed up and
looking like there's tons of herbs in it
because we love herbs so just roll these
in the balls and place them I place them
we're gonna bake them and not fry them
which is why these are super duper
healthy I like to bake mine in a
cast-iron pan but you can put them on a
baking sheet or anything you want I like
to make balls if you want to make
patties and just flatten them out so
just throw all these in here you're
gonna have that oven at about 425 um and
cook them for about 20 to 25 minutes you
kind of want to keep an eye on them you
want them to get a little brown on top
but the whole point is that they're
cooked on the outside but they're still
kind of soft on the inside so like I
said throw these in the oven for 25
minutes at 425 degrees we already have
some made right here that we're gonna
make our tahini sauce with and put it on
top so take your tacchini pour in a
little water and adds to squeeze in some
one
get it all in there and then shake a
little salt in there then we're going to
whisk these up so just kind of keep
stirring this you want it to be a smooth
and kind of creamy consistency but
liquidy enough that you can pour it on
kind of like a salad dressing now that
you've got it the consistency you want
you can pour it on your falafels I love
making falafel salads cuz they're super
yummy so just pour everything as much as
you want don't maybe pour the whole
thing unless you want it just pour it
all over there yum yum and then give it
a taste falafels and tahini sauce oh
yeah super packed with herbs super
delicious so much protein you're gonna
feel awesome eating these oh my god yeah
super good ok let's see your version
send me your pics twitter instagram
pinterest facebook hashtags gluten-free
with emily and if you want to check out
more recipes and ideas check out my
website gluten-free with emily calm I'll
see you next time thanks for tuning in